hey movie lovers i'm your host claire
and today
we're going to be covering a 2019 horror
thriller film called
impetigor directed by joko anwar
so let's get straight into it two women
maya and deeney sit at toll booths
complaining about their jobs
maya starts talking about a creepy man
who started stalking her and
frequently passing the tollbooth just
then
that man drives to the tollbooth and
starts staring at maya in a disturbing
way
she stays there staring at her for a
long time before
finally moving after noticing the truck
behind
looking back maya realizes that the man
had not
left but had parked his car a few feet
ahead and had started walking to her
booth
maya starts to panic and dini calls the
police the man approaches maya's window
and starts knocking at it continuously
maya opens the window with trembling
hands and tells him
she is called security the man asks her
if her name is rahayu
which she tells him it is not then he
asks her a couple more questions
both of which she does not answer the
man then goes to his car and comes back
with a machete
terrified maya leaves the booth and
starts running and screaming for help
the man chases her and manages to throw
her to the ground
he lifts her skirt to reveal stitch
marks on her thigh
and cuts into her skin there striking
her unconscious while she struggles
against him
just then the police arrive the man
looks down at the now
unconscious maya and tells her that he
just doesn't want what her family has
left behind
he then lifts his machete ready to
strike her but the police shoot him dead
later maya complains to deeney about the
new clothing business of theirs which
seems to be going south
she then shows deeney an old picture of
hers with her appearance that she found
among her
late aunts things she tells her she
believes her parents have left behind a
house and suggests they go live there as
they are both struggling
financially at the back of the picture
the name
rahayu is written they realized that the
psychoman was right about maya
and decide to go to her village to look
for her parents house
later in the bathroom maya finds a piece
of paper with something written on it in
the wound on her thigh
she curiously starts observing it and
takes a picture of the paper
when deeney comes into the bathroom maya
accidentally drops the paper in the
toilet
a while later they both start their
journey to maya's village
harjasari during the journey maya meets
a man who she finds out knows many
languages she shows him the picture of
the piece of paper
found in her wound asking him if he can
tell her what it says
the man tells her that the written words
are an incantation to protect the bearer
from evil spirits
but the spell he says was written by an
evil person
maya then reveals to dini that she never
saw her parents since she was little
and her aunt never told her much about
them
while looking out the window of the bus
maya sees three girls standing by the
roadside together
twice in different places she gets
alarmed momentarily but then brushes it
off
thinking it must have been a mistake
after getting off the bus
they set off to hardhasari in a carriage
the carriage driver
tells them that her jasari is a secluded
village that he only knows about because
he recently dropped off
ki saptaji a puppet master from the
village at his home there
maya asks to be dropped off at key
subtities and the man takes her there
on her way she locates her house the one
she saw in the photo behind her parents
the driver tells them that the house has
long been abandoned
he then drops them off at subtigi's
house with his business card and leaves
an elderly woman emerges from the house
and asks them
who they're looking for they tell her
they need to see subtiji for some
information
that they require on puppet masters for
their book the woman informs them that
subtiji is not home
and they should come back tomorrow the
girls then go to maya's parents house to
spend the night
they break open the lock to venture into
the dusty house
and realize it was left in a hurry since
all the furniture is still
present inside after exploring the house
the girls follow some people taking a
dead body to the cemetery and try to
find
maya's parents graves in front of her
parents graves
they see numerous graves of children who
died the same day
they were born and get confused outside
the cemetery
they find the words courtesy of
kidonowongso
ridden with a cemetery's name
kidonowongso was the name of maya's
father
and looking at this dini remarks that
the villagers must not have liked
maya's parents much next we are shown a
house in which a woman just gave birth
saptiji takes the newborn from the
woman's hands and drowns the baby in a
bathtub
while the child's father watches crying
but not trying to prevent
it as they take the baby's body to the
cemetery leader
the girls follow them and get confused
about having witnessed
two deaths in two consecutive days as
they turn to leave
they are approached by subtergy who
invites them over to his house to talk
about their book
while buying some food from the village
maya asks the girl selling the food
about the abandoned house
the girl tells her that according to her
grandmother devils used to live in the
house and
left behind a horrible disease back at
the house
two villagers approach deeney and tell
her that she cannot stay at the house as
it does not belong to her deeney asks
them who the house belongs to
and they tell her that a girl called
rahayu is the heir of the house
dini pretends to be rahayu and the
villagers persuade her to follow them to
subtities to get the legal documents for
the house
after reaching the middle of the forest
dini tells them she has to go back
but the men strike her unconscious with
a blow to the head
deeney later wakes up to find herself
hanging upside down from a tree
subtergy arrives and she starts crying
and begging him for help
subtergy starts seeing something but his
mother enters behind him and without
hearing another word
she slices deeney's throat saying if
they hurry
they might be able to save two babies
who are on the way
not being able to find dede maya goes to
sup to g to ask about her septigee
denies knowing anything about deeney and
tells her he will send men to look for
her
later subtities mother is seen hanging
deeney's skin on a line outside her
house
after spending a whole day looking for
deeney in vain
maya goes to subtigie during one of his
puppet shows to ask about her friend
sabdid's men tell her that they have
looked for dini but have not found her
after which she returns to her house a
little girl then tells maya that a woman
is going into labor and she should come
to see
maya goes to the house of the pregnant
woman and through the crack of the door
she watches as the baby is born without
skin
saptuji holds the baby in his arms
shocked to see that he has been born
without skin again
and drowns him in a tub the baby's
father calls saptagi a liar for making
him believe that they would have a
healthy baby
saptaji slaps him and tells him that he
is doing all he can
for the protection of the villagers
outside the house
maya is met by the same girl from the
food shop earlier the girl
called rati takes maya to her house and
tells her about their cursed village
she asks her if she has noticed that
there are no children in the village
when maya tells her she has seen two
little girls rati says it's impossible
as
no child has been born in the village
for over 20 years
maya is told that a village elder
kidnawongso once used to live in the
abandoned house
sabjig's mother nee misny was a servant
there
donna wong saw married the most
beautiful girl in the village but they
did not have a baby for a long time
when five years later they got news of
their first child
donna wongso was immensely happy he held
parties every week to celebrate the good
news
and performed puppet shows for the
village however
when their child was born she had no
skin which extremely saddened don
wongso a while later three girls went
missing from the village one by one
dhonogso's daughter
rahayu was then seen for the first time
by the villagers
she was extremely beautiful and
completely healthy
the villagers started to suspect a
connection between the missing girls in
dona wongso
one night saptiji revealed to the
villagers that donawongso had made a
deal with the devil to protect his
daughter after which he went
mad and killed numerous villagers at one
of his shows
before taking his own life rahayu was
then taken to a far-off city by a loyal
servant
since then all the babies have been born
without skin and are killed by the
village elder to end their pain and
misery
it is said that puppets must be made out
of rehau skin to lift the curse
back at saptaji's house his mother
performs a ritual and tells him that
they killed the wrong girl the villagers
then gather and start looking for maya
assuming she must be the real rahayu in
rati's house
maya sees the picture of the creepy man
from the tall booth
and asks rati about him she learns that
the man was rati's husband who had gone
to the city
looking for a cure as their first baby
is on the way
rati tells her that she expects him to
return with a cure for their baby soon
she then reveals tamaya that she knows
she is rahayu but she does not believe
killing her would lift the curse as
once a pact is made with a devil the
curse is never lifted it is only
transformed into another just then a
knock is heard at rati's door
and she then hides maya when rati opens
the door
two villagers come in they tell her that
the wrong girl was skinned
and used and now they have come looking
for the real rahayu
after the villagers leave maya comes out
and mourns the death of her best friend
she then decides to leave the village as
soon as possible
despite rati telling her that it is
unsafe for her
maya calls the carriage driver to come
to pick her up and he comes for her on a
motorbike with a police officer
as she's about to leave maya tells rati
that her husband was shot dead by the
police
when he tried to kill her rati collapses
upon hearing this news
maya asks for her forgiveness before
quickly walking towards the motorbike
that just arrived
walking to them maya realizes that the
officer was actually a villager who
wanted to find her
all the other villagers gather near the
bike and tell the carriage driver to
hand his phone over
when he refuses to give it up they shoot
him dead and take his cell phone they
start calling maya from his phone
but she throws her phone away and runs
she stops the car and
begs the man inside to help her get out
of the village he lets her get in
but then upon seeing a girl on the seat
beside him who asks him for help before
ripping her skin off he panics losing
control of his car and crashes into a
tree
maya is thrown out of the car due to the
impact
while she's sitting against the tree
catching her breath the ghosts of three
girls approach her
one leans down to her after which she is
shown a vision
through the vision she learns that she
was actually born from an adulterous
relationship between her mother and
subtidy
then one of her servants subtiti's
mother then made her son forget about
the affair and
cursed the child conceived from this
affair which is why rahayu was born
without skin
donawongso had then abducted and skinned
three girls from the village to make
puppets from their skins
after which rahayu's curse was lifted
and she was cured
the ghost girls revealed to her that to
end the course she must bury the puppets
made from their skins with their
bones after the vision ends rati comes
to help maya as the villagers approach
maya tells her that she knows how she
can lift the curse
and goes to find the puppets made out of
the ghost girl's skins
she then finds their bones in the
abandoned house and buries the skin and
bones together
after which the spirit of the ghost
girls find peace
just then knee misny enters the house
and reveals tamaya that subdiddy was
actually the illegitimate son of hers
with donawongso's father she reveals
that she did not want the mistake to be
repeated
so she tried to kill maya the villagers
enter shortly after and take maya away
tying her upside down to a tree
just the way deeney was tied with tears
in her eyes
maya tells septidy that the curse has
been lifted as she did what she was told
to do by the ghost girls
she further reveals to him that she is
his daughter and
begs him to let her go in disbelief
subtidy asks his mother if she is
telling the truth
neima's knee does not answer and tells
him that if he does not
kill maya she will take her own life
just then rati comes running to them
with a healthy newborn in her arms
telling them all that the curse has been
lifted
subdidy ashamed of his mother's actions
uses the knife in his mother's hand to
slice his throat and dies
unable to take the laws of her son nee
misny
also slices her throat and kills herself
rati then frees maya who then leaves the
village
a year later the wife of a villager has
a violent miscarriage
as it is shown that the spirit of
sabtady's mother has devoured the fetus
thus indicating the start of a much more
horrific curse on the village